# August 31, 2022

## A. Established a regular meeting time.

Group decided to meet on Wednesdays at 4:30ish CT.

## B. Topics Discussed
- Reviewed the assignment details and grading rubric to capture questions to TA.
- Reviewed the SRS template in detail and discussing how we would divy up the work for it. 
- Started planning the design methods used for the project 


## Z. Questions for TA.

Can we use Google Docs for Reqs document, or must it be source controlled in GitHub? 

Can we use a folder in Github for meeting notes, or must it be a wiki? 

Is Sprint 1 being extended?

Are we expected to set up our sprint backlog for the creation of the project (Version 1) in this current Sprint? 
- Task breakdown in Rubric states --> "Create high-level user stories for the features in version 1. Each user story must have a user story ID, title, and details."

Are We expected to make up an issue this sprint? 
- Task breakdown in Rubric states --> "Referenced with Issues The commits should be referenced with issue numbers"
